NP ARCHIVE CONCEPT
Main Content
1. Interactive Chronological Timeline
* A 3D and regular interactive timeline that users can swipe, scroll, or jump across.
* Features a dual mode interface,
i. Timeline view for exploration and discovery (3D)
ii. List view for direct access and quick reference (regular website)
* Each node in the timeline for both represents a key moment in the school’s history and heritage, not just a year.
2. Filter System
* Each timeline node can be color-coded, functioning as both,
i. A historical marker
ii. A filter type
* Examples or certain filters for the nodes include,
i. NP Founding Milestones + Campus & Spaces
ii. Student Life & Culture + CCA Highlights & Achievements
iii. Alumni + Academic Excellence & Signature Projects
iv. Hidden Stories & Fun Facts (e.g. lesser-known stories, myths)

Feature 1: Interactive Virtual Spaces
Accessed through the interactive timeline, selected meaningful spaces with historical significance, e.g. the main entrance (NP vs Ngee Ann Technical College), will have a virtual 3D space for users to explore.
* 360-degree virtual space of chosen locations
* A past-and-present slider filter that allows users to,
o View the same space / location at different points in time
o Compare changes to the space / location visually concurrently
* Hotspots (clickable icons in the space) within the spaces unlock,
o Official historical explanations in a card
o Photos, videos, and archival media (includes user generated content about that location and / or from that time)
o Hidden stores / fun facts about the space (“Did you know?” cards)

Feature 2: Memory Hub
1. Memory Feed
Users can upload user generated content like,
a. Event photos
b. Student life moments
c. CCA achievements
d. Reflections or short captions
2. Campus Memory Wall
Selected UGC appears on a large touchscreen display on campus (and on the digital version of it available in the webapp)
a. In Idle mode,
i. Auto-scrolling memory cards
b. When interacted with,
i. Tap to flip card
ii. Front: image, video, media, etc.
iii. Back: message, reflection, context, etc.
3. Time Capsule Mode
a. Users submit a memory
b. Select a future date and time
c. Enter an email address
d. On the chosen date and time,
i. The system automatically sends the preserved memory back to the user

Feature 3: Guided Scavenger Hunt (Limited-Time)
A time-bounded, event-based experience designed to attract our stakeholders to not only the digital portal, but also the physical historical locations in the school. It also adds a social element that could better inspire our stakeholders to interact with NP’s history and heritage.
How it works
Users start the scavenger hunt via the mobile digital portal
The portal provides,
* Clues to the next physical location
* Clues for the quizzes at the checkpoints
* Navigation instructions to the different physical locations

At each checkpoint,
* Users scan a QR code
* Complete a short quiz or minigame challenge related to that physical location’s history
* Successful attempts unlock the next clue / physical location to go to
Things to take note
The scavenger hunt only runs during selected weeks, and especially during major events like NP Day, RED Camp, open-house and freshman orientation.
Players are ranked based on how fast they complete the quizzes or minigame challengers at each of the checkpoints, and how many correct answers they get for the quizzes.
Prizes for the scavenger hunt include,
* For semestral events,
o Top 3 winners get NP shirt
o Consultation gets bookmarks
* For major keystone events,
o Top 3 winners get NP jacket, vouchers, cash prizes
o Consultation gets keychains



